Your task is to implement a better FST in the buildFST() function, using the methods described here
You may define additional methods in this module (hw1_fst.py) as desired
accept  ==>  accepting
accuse  ==>  FAIL
act  ==>  acting
add  ==>  adding
admit  ==>  admitting
advise  ==>  advising
affect  ==>  affecting
agree  ==>  agreeing
aid  ==>  aiding
aim  ==>  aiming
amend  ==>  amending
answer  ==>  answering
appeal  ==>  appealing
appear  ==>  appearing
argue  ==>  FAIL
arrest  ==>  arresting
arrive  ==>  arriving
ask  ==>  asking
assist  ==>  assisting
attach  ==>  FAIL
attack  ==>  FAIL
attend  ==>  attending
avoid  ==>  FAIL
ban  ==>  banning
bar  ==>  barring
base  ==>  basing
beat  ==>  beating
become  ==>  FAIL
begin  ==>  beginning
belong  ==>  FAIL
betray  ==>  FAIL
bite  ==>  biting
blame  ==>  FAIL
block  ==>  FAIL
blow  ==>  FAIL
boil  ==>  boiling
bomb  ==>  bombing
break  ==>  breaking
bring  ==>  bringing
build  ==>  building
burn  ==>  burning
bury  ==>  burying
buy  ==>  buying
call  ==>  calling
can  ==>  canning
cancel  ==>  canceling
care  ==>  caring
carry  ==>  carrying
cause  ==>  causing
change  ==>  FAIL
charge  ==>  FAIL
chase  ==>  FAIL
cheat  ==>  cheating
cheer  ==>  cheering
choose  ==>  FAIL
claim  ==>  FAIL
clean  ==>  cleaning
climb  ==>  climbing
close  ==>  FAIL
come  ==>  coming
cook  ==>  cooking
copy  ==>  copying
cost  ==>  costing
count  ==>  counting
cover  ==>  covering
crash  ==>  FAIL
create  ==>  creating
cross  ==>  FAIL
crush  ==>  FAIL
cry  ==>  crying
cure  ==>  curing
cut  ==>  cutting
damage  ==>  FAIL
dance  ==>  dancing
deal  ==>  dealing
decide  ==>  deciding
defeat  ==>  defeating
defend  ==>  defending
define  ==>  defining
delay  ==>  FAIL
demand  ==>  FAIL
deny  ==>  denying
depend  ==>  depending
deploy  ==>  FAIL
design  ==>  designing
desire  ==>  desiring
die  ==>  dying
direct  ==>  directing
disarm  ==>  FAIL
divide  ==>  dividing
dream  ==>  dreaming
drink  ==>  drinking
drive  ==>  driving
drop  ==>  FAIL
drown  ==>  FAIL
earn  ==>  earning
ease  ==>  easing
eat  ==>  FAIL
elect  ==>  electing
employ  ==>  FAIL
empty  ==>  emptying
end  ==>  ending
enjoy  ==>  FAIL
enter  ==>  entering
escape  ==>  FAIL
excuse  ==>  FAIL
exile  ==>  exiling
exist  ==>  existing
expand  ==>  FAIL
expect  ==>  expecting
export  ==>  FAIL
extend  ==>  extending
face  ==>  facing
fail  ==>  failing
fall  ==>  falling
fear  ==>  fearing
feed  ==>  feeding
feel  ==>  feeling
fill  ==>  filling
film  ==>  filming
find  ==>  finding
finish  ==>  finishing
fire  ==>  firing
fit  ==>  fitting
fix  ==>  fixing
flee  ==>  fleeing
float  ==>  FAIL
flood  ==>  FAIL
flow  ==>  FAIL
fly  ==>  flying
follow  ==>  FAIL
fool  ==>  fooling
force  ==>  forcing
form  ==>  forming
free  ==>  freeing
freeze  ==>  freezing
gain  ==>  gaining
gather  ==>  gathering
get  ==>  getting
give  ==>  giving
govern  ==>  governing
grind  ==>  grinding
grow  ==>  FAIL
guard  ==>  guarding
guide  ==>  guiding
halt  ==>  halting
hang  ==>  hanging
happen  ==>  happening
harm  ==>  harming
hate  ==>  hating
have  ==>  having
head  ==>  heading
heal  ==>  healing
hear  ==>  hearing
heat  ==>  heating
help  ==>  helping
hide  ==>  hiding
hijack  ==>  FAIL
hit  ==>  hitting
hold  ==>  holding
hope  ==>  hoping
hunt  ==>  hunting
hurry  ==>  hurrying
hurt  ==>  hurting
import  ==>  FAIL
incite  ==>  inciting
infect  ==>  infecting
inform  ==>  FAIL
inject  ==>  injecting
injure  ==>  FAIL
insult  ==>  FAIL
invade  ==>  FAIL
invent  ==>  inventing
invest  ==>  investing
invite  ==>  inviting
join  ==>  joining
judge  ==>  judging
jump  ==>  jumping
keep  ==>  keeping
kick  ==>  kicking
kidnap  ==>  FAIL
kill  ==>  killing
kiss  ==>  kissing
know  ==>  FAIL
lack  ==>  lacking
land  ==>  landing
last  ==>  lasting
laugh  ==>  laughing
lead  ==>  leading
leak  ==>  leaking
leave  ==>  leaving
lend  ==>  lending
let  ==>  letting
lie  ==>  lying
lift  ==>  lifting
like  ==>  liking
link  ==>  linking
list  ==>  listing
listen  ==>  listening
live  ==>  living
load  ==>  loading
look  ==>  looking
love  ==>  loving
make  ==>  making
mark  ==>  marking
may  ==>  maying
mean  ==>  meaning
meet  ==>  meeting
melt  ==>  melting
mine  ==>  mining
miss  ==>  missing
mix  ==>  mixing
mourn  ==>  mourning
move  ==>  moving
murder  ==>  murdering
must  ==>  musting
name  ==>  naming
need  ==>  needing
note  ==>  noting
object  ==>  objecting
occupy  ==>  FAIL
offer  ==>  offering
open  ==>  opening
oppose  ==>  FAIL
order  ==>  ordering
oust  ==>  ousting
owe  ==>  owing
own  ==>  owning
paint  ==>  painting
pass  ==>  passing
pay  ==>  paying
permit  ==>  permitting
place  ==>  FAIL
plan  ==>  FAIL
plant  ==>  FAIL
play  ==>  FAIL
please  ==>  pleasing
plot  ==>  FAIL
point  ==>  pointing
pour  ==>  pouring
praise  ==>  FAIL
pray  ==>  FAIL
press  ==>  pressing
prove  ==>  FAIL
pull  ==>  pulling
punish  ==>  punishing
push  ==>  pushing
put  ==>  putting
race  ==>  racing
raid  ==>  raiding
raise  ==>  raising
read  ==>  reading
reduce  ==>  FAIL
refuse  ==>  FAIL
reject  ==>  rejecting
remove  ==>  FAIL
repeat  ==>  repeating
report  ==>  FAIL
rescue  ==>  FAIL
rest  ==>  resting
result  ==>  FAIL
retire  ==>  retiring
return  ==>  FAIL
revolt  ==>  FAIL
ride  ==>  riding
riot  ==>  rioting
rise  ==>  rising
roll  ==>  rolling
ruin  ==>  ruining
rule  ==>  ruling
run  ==>  running
sail  ==>  sailing
save  ==>  saving
say  ==>  saying
see  ==>  seeing
seem  ==>  seeming
seize  ==>  seizing
sell  ==>  selling
send  ==>  sending
sense  ==>  sensing
serve  ==>  serving
set  ==>  setting
settle  ==>  settling
shake  ==>  FAIL
shape  ==>  FAIL
shell  ==>  shelling
shine  ==>  shining
ship  ==>  shipping
shock  ==>  FAIL
shoot  ==>  FAIL
shout  ==>  FAIL
show  ==>  FAIL
sign  ==>  signing
sing  ==>  singing
sit  ==>  sitting
sleep  ==>  sleeping
slide  ==>  sliding
slow  ==>  FAIL
smash  ==>  FAIL
smell  ==>  smelling
smoke  ==>  FAIL
speak  ==>  speaking
speed  ==>  speeding
spend  ==>  spending
spill  ==>  spilling
split  ==>  splitting
spread  ==>  spreading
spy  ==>  spying
stand  ==>  FAIL
start  ==>  FAIL
starve  ==>  FAIL
state  ==>  FAIL
stay  ==>  FAIL
steal  ==>  stealing
stick  ==>  sticking
stop  ==>  FAIL
store  ==>  FAIL
strike  ==>  striking
study  ==>  FAIL
suffer  ==>  suffering
supply  ==>  supplying
take  ==>  taking
talk  ==>  talking
taste  ==>  tasting
tear  ==>  tearing
tell  ==>  telling
test  ==>  testing
thank  ==>  FAIL
think  ==>  thinking
throw  ==>  FAIL
tie  ==>  tying
touch  ==>  touching
trade  ==>  FAIL
train  ==>  FAIL
trap  ==>  FAIL
travel  ==>  FAIL
treat  ==>  treating
trick  ==>  tricking
trust  ==>  FAIL
try  ==>  trying
turn  ==>  turning
unite  ==>  uniting
urge  ==>  urging
use  ==>  using
vote  ==>  voting
wait  ==>  waiting
walk  ==>  walking
want  ==>  wanting
warn  ==>  warning
wash  ==>  washing
wave  ==>  waving
wear  ==>  wearing
will  ==>  willing
win  ==>  winning
wish  ==>  wishing
wonder  ==>  wondering
work  ==>  working
worry  ==>  worrying
wreck  ==>  wrecking
write  ==>  writing
###  0.7527777777777778 ( 271  out of  360 ) parsed
